the lab or labs that you take are really going to depend on number one
what you're interested in. And number two, what you think you might
end up doing as a career, for instance? So if you think you might go
into any kind of teaching career, um, you know, learning and memory
would be a fantastic lab for you to take. Um, if you are going to
go or, you know, cognitive lab might also be a really good choice for
that, too. Um, if you're going to go into, you know, some feel like
counseling or something like that again, Cog lab might be really good.
Uh, physio lab might be really good for that, too, because they
cover, you know, kind of like how the brain is a physical thing and
how it reacts. Thio various stimulate. So So I would take a look at
just, you know, first of all, what do you what lab interests you the
most? Take that lab and also you can think about you know, what career
path you think you might be on at some point and take a lab that's
going to really support that career path